[knocks on door]
সাইট খুঁজে না পেলে ব্রাউজারে লিখুন:
-=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
[Order] May I come in, sir?
- [knocking continues]
- Your Honour?
Don't just stand there, come inside!
- Sir, I need your signature.
- What is this?
- Thank you, sir.
- Hey, hey!
Uh, sorry, sir. Sorry.
Thank you. Thank you.
[Mintu] Order. He's gone to see Mr Ghosh.
- Oh, he's here.
- He's here.
Did we get the approval?
What are you saying?
Amazing.
My friends, under Mintu sir's
rocky leadership, judge--
- Rock-steady.
- Okay.
Under Mintu sir's rock-steady leadership,
Judge Ghosh has accepted
the demands of the Bar!
[cheering]
So from now on,
in Delhi's blistering heat,
no lawyer in Patparganj
will be required to wear a coat in court.
So now, my fellow lawyers,
let's start stripping these coats off!
[chanting] President Mintu gets our vote!
Thanks to him, no coats in court!
President Mintu gets our vote!
IF YOU WANT A PRESIDENT
WHO IS SMART,
THEN SUPPORT MINTU
WITH YOUR HEART
But, Tyagi sir, I really need
your approval on this. Please.
- Was the issue with the wall sorted?
- Sir. [chuckles] Check this out, sir.
Uh, here.
KEEP THE COURT NEAT AND CLEAN
- [Tyagi] Great.
- [Vishwas] Thank you, sir.
- And the leakage in the courtroom?
- Yes, sir! Uh… here you go.
- [Tyagi] Wow.
- [Vishwas] Everything's done, sir.
Now just take a look at this
and give us your approval.
The hallmark
of infrastructural development.
[door creaks]
- [Tyagi] Wow.
- [Vishwas] Thank you, sir.
Uh, this toilet is all yours.
[Shubhkela]
This isn't the… women's toilet, is it?
- Huh? Spick and span.
- [chuckles]
Isn't it, sir?
That's exactly what I thought.
Tyagi sir, you won't lose
a single point on infrastructure!
I worked really hard
for this portfolio visit.
Don't worry,
I won't ask you to do it again.
This is my first inspection
since I took over as judge.
The High Court should feel
that even with Judge Bainsla gone,
the Patparganj Court…
is still… in capable hands.
- Of course it is! It is!
- Vishwas.
You have four hours left
before the portfolio judge arrives.
If there's anything left to do--
Come on, Topo,
what are you worrying about?
Sir, I challenge anyone to find
any issues with our infrastructure.
I'll eat my words. [chuckles]
- Really?
- Yes, sir.
[screaming]
What happened? What's going on?
[Topo] Hey, step aside. Move, move!
- Move, move! Step aside.
- He got a terrible electrical shock!
[advocate] He's still vibrating.
- Hey.
- [whimpering]
- What did you touch?
- [bystander] The gate.
Sir, the electric cable, the iron gate
and his hand all got stuck together.
Vishwas.
[clears throat] Yes, sir?
Didn't you just say that if anyone finds
any issues with our infrastructure,
you'll eat your words?
- Yes, sir.
- Then what's this?
An issue, sir.
- [Ghosh] Murli! Murli?
- [whimpering continues]
Are you okay?
That happens to be Judge Ghosh's reader.
A major issue, sir.
- Vishwas.
- [Ghosh] Are you okay?
How did he get electrocuted?
[theme music plays]
[theme music stops]
- [slaps]
- [client 1 screams]
[client 2] You bitch!
Came to borrow the sugar,
and you borrowed my husband!
I'm gonna kill you.
- Don't you have any shame?
- [all clamouring]
Mediation. The court's last attempt
to prevent a family break up.
- [client 1 screams]
- But we want a break up.
Then you'll have to take
a beating from your daughter-in-law.
- What? [gasps]
- Like a dog.
You will provoke her,
and she'll beat you up
in front of the mediator.
Really?
He will immediately transfer
your case to the court.
[chuckles] Oh, I see!
And there, we'll show the video
of you being beaten up.
Okay.
- Look, he's filming. [chuckles]
- Right.
[family member] Stop this fight.
It's getting out of control.
Ma'am, isn't there any other way?
My dear sir, you've asked for a divorce
on the grounds of mental cruelty.
Do you know how hard it is
to prove that in court?
But we're telling you
that we're being treated with cruelty.
So what's the problem?
But, madam, the law doesn't
clearly define what is mental cruelty.
I mean, someone may say
that his wife talks dirty to him
- and that's cruelty.
- [mother] It is.
And someone else may say
that his wife never talks dirty to him
and that's cruelty.
What should the law go by?
Dirty language or dirty talk?
That is true.
What's cruelty to one
is love to someone else.
- [mother] I see.
- That's why divorce cases go on for years.
Hmm.
[clamouring continues]
- Mom…
- Nannu, don't you worry about me.
You just watch.
Your mama's going to get beaten up
like a dog for you in there.
I'm going to make sure
you get divorced today!
Madam, you should go in
with your hair open.
What? Why should I do that?
- Because the better the grip…
- [mother] Yeah?
…the harder she can slap you around.
Oh, wow! That's a very good idea.
- Yes, I'll wear my hair loose.
- Of course.
- No problem at all.
- Excellent.
- I'm ready to be beaten up.
- Absolutely.
- Let's go in and do this.
- Come on, madam.
- Let's go in. Very good.
- Come, Nannu.
- [Daleel] Come on, madam.
- [phone chimes]
[Mintu] Fifty shades of Mintu.
May I see one of yours, please?
No, Vishwas, no way.
If you'd just told me
you were going to surprise me,
I would've stopped you from coming.
We had a huge problem
in court today, so I--
So why leave me here with Ani?
You know quite well that she knows
I have a bit of a problem with her.
But she also knows that you know that
there'll never be anything between us.
Vishwas, I'm perfectly okay
sitting here on my own.
But I already called her here.
She'll feel really bad.
Look, Ani's the sensitive type, you know?
No, I mean… it'll hurt her feelings.
- Yeah.
- [Ani] Guys?
I-I can hear you.
Okay.
Come on now, please.
But… what will we talk about?
You can bitch about me.
Ani? Come on. Come on.
- You know Varsha, right?
- Of course.
Varsha, you know Ani.
- Hi.
- That's great.
Now you two besties sit down and chat.
I'll be back in a bit, yeah?
[chuckles]
[client] You wait and see
what I do to you!
[client 2] This isn't a family court.
It's a boxing ring!
[client 3] Easy, guys, easy!
- She broke my head, bloody imbecile.
- Who are these people?
Oh, my God.
They almost split his head open!
- [Shukla] These people are the limit.
- Mr Singh?
Uh, sir?
Look, you two are
our third couple for the day.
Matters, this time, will not
escalate to physical violence.
Everyone will conduct themselves
in a civilised manner.
So tell me, what kind
of cruelty have you faced?
- Sir, I--
- [mother] Where do I even begin, sir?
She roams around the house
all day in her underwear.
When I tell her, "Change your clothes,"
she says "Change your thinking."
She came to us with nothing,
but she has the money
to shop online all day.
This sleeping beauty
wakes up at 10:00 every morning.
By the time Nihal comes home,
it's 11:00 at night.
He hardly walks through the door
when she grabs him
and forces him spend time with her.
[mother] Right, and why should
he come to you first? Tell me.
To indulge your debauchery? [scoffs]
Sir, is it debauchery
to be intimate with one's husband?
- Yes, it is! It is debauchery!
- Really? I see.
When she clearly doesn't want
to have a child… then it's debauchery!
Instead of listening to nursery rhymes,
this wretched girl
listens to steamy love songs.
"Touch me baby. I want to feel your body."
Honestly, shame on her!
Sujata madam, I don't know how
this ugly, angry bird managed
to get into our family.
- She has no shame at all.
- It's okay.
Are these the values
her parents brought her up with?
Hey! Don't you dare insult my parents!
- Mind your manners!
- Really, huh?
- Mind my manners?
- She's talking shit about our parents.
You just sit tight in your chair
otherwise you'll take off into the air.
At the slightest thing this midget
takes off like a mini helicopter.
Listen, madam.
All of you please calm down
one minute, okay?
My dear, before you got married,
did you inform them
that you didn't want children?
- No.
- Sir, I want to have children.
I just don't want to have children
in their house!
You have no idea
what a crazy control freak she is.
Nihal doesn't dare
to speak in front of her.
What?
Hey, this is called good upbringing.
But how can I expect
a bimbette like her to understand?
Sir, during our wedding celebration,
do you know what song she made Nihal sing?
Some song about how much
a son loves his mother.
[mother] Yes, so what about it?
- What's wrong with it?
- Very beautiful.
It's such a beautiful
and sacred relationship.
Don't you love your mother, Nannu?
Is it a Mother's day celebration?
It was my wedding.
A son can't sing
to his mother at his wedding?
Sir, I don't want to stay there anymore.
I just want to move out!
And if Nihal is ready and willing,
I'm happy to withdraw
the divorce petition today, Nihal!
- No, no, no, my Nihal isn't ready.
- She will decide.
[mother] Why should you move out?
Sir, it's a mother-in-law's right
to live with her family.
The Jharkhand High Court has said so.
But what about
the daughter-in-law's rights, madam?
My dear, a daughter-in-law
can only have rights
after she becomes a mother-in-law.
Because rights like these
are always enforced.
- Enforced by the son, not by the husband.
- Yeah, he's right.
So how long
should I keep tolerating her taunts?
Why don't you guys get together
and decide for me?
My dear, taunts are
a form of love language here.
Yes, sir, very true.
Tell me something. What are you?
- What does he mean?
- What am I?
You are a daughter-in-law, right?
- And, madam, what are you?
- What am I?
A mother-in-law, right?
Now, only when in-laws are in sync
can there be a happy family!
- Wow, sir, that's excellent!
- Amazing, sir!
- Brilliant, sir. Brilliant!
- Amazing, sir. Bravo!
But, sir, we don't want
to have a family with her.
Do you see any signs
of her wanting to settle down?
We just want to be rid of this wretch
and her wretched family!
Hey, haven't I told you already
not to insult my family?
I'll shoot you right where you're sitting!
You think that's going to scare us?
She's talking such bullshit!
She thinks I can't shoot!
Hey, Captain Blackbeard, calm down.
No, no, come on. Come on!
Shoot me. I'm ready for it. Go for it.
Ma'am, you're a lady. What are you doing?
What does this midget think of himself?
Who does he think I am?
I may be a lady, but I'm not an idiot!
See, I'm ready. Let's see you do it!
- Everyone, quiet!
- Stop yelling, everyone.
- I'm not feeling well, please!
- Me too. [breathes heavily]
I'm not feeling good.
Blood pressure's rising.
I'll tell you what,
let's meet in one hour.
We'll take a chill pill
and some of this as well.
[burps]
- This happens today of all days.
- [chuckles]
No, I mean,
it would've been bad on any day.
But today?
What's more… it's Mr Ghosh's reader.
[chuckles]
If it happened to any other reader,
it would have still been bad.
But Ghosh's?
You guys know
what kind of man Mr Ghosh is.
He's going to chew my brains.
Your Honour, I'm aware
that I made a big mistake.
It's the day of the portfolio visit.
I should never have touched the gate.
Murli, you're making yet another mistake.
What's that?
Sir, I didn't want
to make a complaint at all.
But Mr Ghosh said,
"What about the reasonable observer?"
Now, how could I refuse
to follow Mr Ghosh's order, sir?
I knew Mr Ghosh's "judge-itis"
would kick in soon.
He just needed a chance
to show how much he knows.
He can't wait to show everyone
that he's the one and only,
truly great judge,
while the rest of us
are here just to pass time!
Sir, this reasonable observer
is who exactly?
[Shubhkela] The common man.
According to the principles
of judicial conduct,
there should never be
any doubts about judicial integrity
in the eyes of the common man.
Which means, even though
we lose a few points on infrastructure,
the PDJ has to take action.
Sir, action or strict action?
What's the difference?
To take an action,
we first set up an inquiry.
We do a weekend to weekend investigation
and find the root cause.
To determine
the strength of the root cause,
we set up another enquiry.
Then we do
a weekend to weekend investigation.
- And so on and so forth.
- And strict action?
The same, sir, but strictly.
[chuckles] He'll go a long way.
Thank you, sir.
- Vishwas?
- Sir?
You have only two hours to do this.
That strictly, sir?
Vishwas, listen to me.
Before this portfolio visit takes place,
I want this matter,
this chapter to be closed forever. Finito!
- Yes, sir!
- And-- Look at him. Look at his eyes!
Get two bowls
so he can drop his eyes into them.
And give him some water.
Why did you have to fiddle
with that stupid gate?
You could've fiddled with something else.
[chuckles]
S-Sonam's pregnant?
Yes. Her lawyer's the one who told me.
\SUJATA NEGI
\- And, you know, lawyers never lie.
- Until after they switch sides.
Now, you haven't been
living together for six months, right?
And the girl isn't even showing yet.
So that means
something happened two months ago.
And here she's acting
like she doesn't want a child.
[Daleel] Mm-hmm.
\Madam has a boyfriend.
[scoffs]
So your Sonam is also unfaithful.
Well… we met up two months ago.
It was our anniversary.
So we got a little naughty,
and we partied without hats.
[chuckles]
You… you know what I mean?
So the father-to-be is you?
That means a divorce
will be almost impossible to get.
- I don't want a divorce.
- [exclaims]
I love Sonam with all my heart.
I want to stay with her.
Why didn't you say so before?
When could I have done that?
Mama just went to the washroom.
Hey, at sometime, you'll have to open
your mouth in front of your mother.
[stammers] With a name like Nannu,
how can I open my mouth in front of her?
Ma'am, Sonam's brother is hot-tempered.
If his mother provokes him
even a little bit,
there'll be a fight
in front of the mediator for sure.
Downloaded from -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
Ma'am, can you think of a way
where only Sonam and I could meet?
Alone?
I'll make everything right. I swear.
Okay, I'll arrange it.
Sir, you complained
when there was no electricity.
Now you're complaining when you have it.
We're not complaining
about the electric supply,
we're complaining
about the electric shock.
Sir, I'm from Transmission,
in charge of supply.
The shock was caused
by the hanging wire touching the gate.
The Maintenance department is to blame.
According to the maintenance schedule,
this pole will be checked
only after four months.
So?
So after four months,
if there's still a problem, I'll fix it.
It's not like problems show up
according to your schedule.
We have a problem now.
It's been wrongly installed, sir.
This is their fault. Yeah.
Sir, from what I see,
the pole's been installed perfectly.
Would you like me to show you?
Should I touch it?
- No.
- Show me.
Yeah, show us.
Show me.
But when the electricity department
isn't to blame, why should I touch it?
Shut up.
It was an electric shock.
And your department's not to blame?
- What about the water?
- What water?
There.
Sir, he got a shock
because there's water in that pothole.
The Municipal Corporation is at fault.
- Yeah.
If the pothole had been on the road,
it would've been our fault.
But its under the gate of the court,
so the court is to blame.
Sir, the court is asking you
who's to blame,
and you're blaming
it back on the court, huh?
How else do you think
he became a senior officer?
The late Patpardas Pandey.
Sir, the gate that was responsible
for Murli's electric shock,
it doesn't have any earthing at all, sir.
And the gate was installed way back
- in 19… 72. Yeah.
- '72.
- By the late Mr Patpardas Pandey.
- Yeah.
And since he can't appear in court
to blame anyone else,
we can quite confidently say
he's to blame for this incident.
So will Mr Ghosh's
reasonable observer accept this?
- Uh-huh.
- [Tyagi] No way.
We need to find something solid,
so he doesn't pick holes in it.
Something better.
Rock solid.
Sir, is it possible to find someone
better than a dead person?
Yes, it is, Vishwas.
- Act of God.
- Act of God?
Sir, the pothole was full of water
because it had rained one week ago.
Act of God.
The wire was hanging from the pole
because there was
a storm along with the rain.
Act of God.
If Murli had been wearing normal shoes,
the shock would've had less of an impact.
But he's been using steel crutches
to walk since childhood.
Polio. Act of God.
Poor Murli.
[Ghosh] Excuse me.
The Act of God clause is only applicable
when the event is unforeseeable.
[Vishwas] Yes, sir.
On the 18th to be precise,
I'd complained about the potholes
in the court premises.
See for yourself.
Mr Tyagi, it's not an act of God.
It's an act of negligence.
So, if you don't mind,
may I bring up this negligence
in front of the portfolio judge?
And I hope, you will only want that
that is good for the court,
not what's good for your report.
You're one of a kind.
The once in a lifetime,
once in a millennium kind.
[both laughing]
But, honestly,
what made you think we wouldn't bond?
Genuinely, Varsha, there's nothing at all
between Vishwas and me.
We're just friends.
But anyone would be
a little jealous of you, Ani.
Anyway, I'm here for a specific reason.
What?
[gasps]
- To propose.
- Oh, my God, that is so beautiful!
How are you planning to do it?
There's only one thing
that Vishwas appreciates.
Tea and junk food.
So, I'll put the ring
on his finger while eating.
Right here.
[chuckles] In the office?
You know what?
Let's order those snacks
from Mangesh, Vishwas' favourite!
Wait, I brought some from Anand Snacks.
Vishwas' favourite.
Are you sure?
I think he only orders from Anand
when Mangesh is closed or something.
I am very sure, Ani.
I know that much about my fiancé, right?
[chuckles] Of course.
Sir, now I'd like to tell you
just how disgusting this family is!
I mean, their parents are just the pits.
They haven't taught
their children any manners.
All they do is fight with everyone.
They're such vulgar people.
So crude and cheap!
Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant?
I'm thinking of aborting it.
[sombre music plays]
Come on, Sonam.
We'll be fighting over custody
and visitation rights.
Is that how you wanna bring up a child?
Sonam, let's try one more time, please.
If you come back to me,
I'll take care of everything.
What?
What will you do?
What will change this time?
I'll go back with Nihal,
but Nannu is the one
I'll have to live with right?
Have you ever wondered, Sonam,
why a marriage can take place
without the court's permission
but not a divorce?
Because even a court knows
that society cannot be built
with broken homes.
That's why it gives you
so many chances to reconcile.
You got married of your own free will.
You love each other.
You're about to start a family.
[sighs]
[Sujata]
Not everyone gets this opportunity.
Living alone can be very cruel.
There's nothing worse.
Sonam, I'm aware that Mama is wrong…
but she is my mother.
Now that Papa's gone, it's… only me.
I can't just abandon her, can I?
But Nihal,
it's only after I've tried and lost
that I'm saying we should move out.
You go off to work, and all day long
your mama's taunts I have to endure.
And whenever I talk to you about it,
what do you say?
"Ignore it, it will all be fine.
Ignore it, it will all be fine."
How much more?
It's my fault.
I should've made Mama understand.
And I should have
sung for you at the wedding.
[Sujata] Well, you can sing now.
What's the problem? I'll play the beat--
Hey, wait! No.
Nihal, you will have to sing
in front of your mama for me.
[stammers] In front of my mama?
Will you?
This way, sir.
Sir, you'll find dustbins
all over the premises.
Cleanliness is important.
And this is our one-window clearance.
Whatever your problem,
come to this window, and it'll be solved.
Sir, we've made sure
Patparganj Court is disabled-friendly,
that's why we built this ramp.
What does this say?
"It takes time, patience is imperative."
The path to justice
is still at a distance.
Wow. Wonderful thought.
- Note it down.
- Yes, sir.
Sir, I come to work every morning
with this in mind.
This way.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Sir, this is Shambhu.
You know about the monkey problem, right?
- [chuckles]
- Yes.
Come, sir. Please, come.
[breathing heavily]
- Uh…
- Uh, he…
Do come, sir, a lot to see.
- [judge] Oh, fire extinguisher!
- [Tyagi] Yes, sir.
[chuckles]
Sir, there used to be two fans earlier.
Now we've had
two new air conditioners installed there.
We're trying to make it more hi-tech, sir.
Come, let's take a look at the washroom.
- Let's go.
- Come. Please.
[judge urinating]
[Vishwas] He didn't pull the flush.
Mr Tyagi, I was a little sceptical
because Justice Bainsla
is a tough act to follow.
But you have put me at ease.
You are picking up
from where she left off.
There are a lot
of infrastructural improvements already.
- Thank you, sir.
- All right.
For formality's sake,
let's get some peer feedback.
I'm sure, uh,
they'll have good things to say.
Who is that judge?
Oh! Justice Ghosh. I'll meet him.
[stammers]
[sings]
That's it.
Yes, go on.
Son, try singing it.
Can't you see, sir,
my son doesn't want to sing this song.
Madam, you've been barking for two hours!
I mean… you've been speaking.
Now, why don't you give your son
a chance to say what he has to say.
Go on, son.
[singing continues]
Just wait till we get home.
I'll sort you out. Sit down!
[laughs]
You see that, sir?
Don't you worry, Nannu.
In less than a month, I'll find
a brand new daughter-in-law for us.
I'll show her what I'm capable of.
[laughs]
- Come back after week and a half.
- What did you say?
- After a week and a half!
- [Sonam] No, sir.
I don't wanna come back.
Let's finish this. I've had enough.
[mother] Why wait one and a half weeks?
What will we achieve?
She's already spoken her mind, right?
Do you think there's any hope, huh?
We won't come back.
Just wrap this up now, please!
We don't want anything from them. [scoffs]
What can they give us anyway?
[laughs]
What if their child takes after
this tiny, little midget uncle?
Who wants a grandson who's 4'8"?
[chuckles] I certainly don't.
Finish it, finish it! [chuckles]
Their whole family's full of midgets.
Hey!
See! I didn't even realise
the poor fellow is standing up!
Didn't I tell you not to insult my family?
So, what are you going to do?
Let's see what you do.
I've already said it twice now.
You better stop insulting my family, okay?
You think I can't bloody shoot?
Just watch me go for it!
You come here, Nannu!
What are you doing? Are you insane?
[brother]
I'll shoot her bloody brains out!
[judges laughing]
[gunshot]
Man, who's setting off firecrackers here?
I'll just find out.
- Justice Ghosh, sir.
- Hello, sir. How are you?
That's it.
He's got the report, nothing we can do.
- [sobs]
- What?
- I have a government job, sir.
- [Tyagi sucks teeth]
Don't worry, Vishwas.
You must own some land back home?
No, sir.
Oh, then there's nothing to be done.
- Sir, there's been an incident!
- What happened?
There's a gun in the mediation room.
- A gun during mediation?
- Let's go.
- Oh, man, you guys are the pits!
- What will I do?
[mother] Hey, someone, stop him!
He's gone mad. He's lost the plot.
[brother] I'm not gonna spare you!
You don't know who I am,
what I'm capable of.
[sings]
[gasps] Nannu!
[whimpers]
[moans]
[cop] Who brought a gun to court?
Come out!
[mother] Yeah, now he'll get the stick,
crawling under the table
like a scared cockroach.
[cop] Come out, out!
You brought a gun to court?
- [brother] Yeah, yeah. I'm coming out.
- Get up. Move!
- Listen, I'm coming, okay?
- Move!
[mother laughs]
Stop dragging me.
- Don't worry, we'll be fine.
- [brother] Don't you worry, Sonam.
These guys don't know
who they're messing with.
[chuckles] Sujata madam,
I got him to pull out his gun, didn't I?
- Now we'll get the divorce, right?
- [Sujata chuckles]
- But you didn't get a beating, right?
- What?
You should tie up your hair up
and let it down again, then you will.
Will I?
[cop 2] Today, Ghosh sir, passed an order
letting the lawyers take off their coats.
So all the lawyers
were walking around in white shirts,
that's when this man breached security
and got in without us realising it.
We did the best we could, sir.
- [phone chimes]
- I see. Very good.
ভুয়া লিংক এড়িয়ে চলুন — অফিসিয়াল: -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
[Sunil] We have the best facilities
here for our judges.
You met our dear friend Shambhu,
he's dressed as a monkey
to chase away the monkeys.
I believe you met him at the corridor.
- He extinguishes all kinds of fire.
- Check your messages.
- Yes.
- Mr Tyagi?
- I'll call you.
- Firearms in the court premises?
If you expect me to suppress this matter--
No, no! Why would you do that?
On the contrary, in your letter,
this negligence must be added.
Please. And question them.
Look, Gosain is here.
He was posted in that sector
at the time. Ask him.
How did the gun get into the court?
Sir, he came in wearing black pants
and a white shirt.
So he got in without being checked.
Without being checked? Why?
[Gosain] We thought he was a lawyer.
Of course,
lawyers always have their coats on.
But today they took them off,
so we couldn't recognise him.
Who allowed the lawyers
to take their coats off
without understanding
the security implications?
What's going on here?
Sir, this sounds to me like it's
an act of negligence, nothing else.
[Shubhkela] Are you sure, Vishwas?
Then, uh, how did the gun pass
the metal detector?
[Gosain] That hasn't been working, sir.
And it was connected
to the transformer outside.
Yes, sir, and the transformer broke down
during the heavy rain last week.
I see.
Sir, that means
it is not an act of negligence.
- It's an act of--
- Act of God!
You know, just like… [chuckles]
…getting electrocuted was an act of God.
[Vishwas] Act of God.
This gun getting into court
was also an act of God.
Uh, but, Mr Ghosh,
if two acts of God
take place on the same day,
then, uh, will any
reasonable observer truly believe it?
[Vishwas] That's true.
Mr Tyagi, no matter how
reasonable the observer is,
in this country,
he will never ever question God.
- [chuckles]
- Bravo, sir.
- Very true, sir. Thank you.
- Amazing, amazing.
And what does this mean?
- So, all set?
- Oh, ma'am, hi.
Hi.
Thank you, ma'am,
you really saved our marriage.
- You're welcome.
- Yeah.
And you even helped my brother. Thank you.
You must let us know
if there's anything we can do for you.
- Please.
- Okay.
Be happy.
Thank you.
Sonam, uh, there is one thing you can do.
- She sent you a voice note?
- No, man.
Look, she didn't send a voice note, right?
- No.
- Then she's screwing with you for sure.
- So what do I do?
- Block that bitch!
- You sure about that?
- 100%.
\[chimes]
It's a voice note.
Hello, Mintu, sweety.
- [laughs]
- [on phone] Hello, Mintu, sweety.
Excuse me.
- Hello, Mintu, sweety.
- [laughs]
Hey, not here, not here.
Listen, is it her voice?
- Hello, Mintu, sweety.
- Oh, wow! [chuckles]
[sighs]
- Varsha. Varsha.
- [laughs]
I don't believe this.
This is not the engagement ring is it?
So you don't want it back, right?
- [sucks teeth]
- No, tell me now. [chuckles]
- Or you'll ask for it later.
- Crazy.
[sighs]
It's very sweet of you. Thank you.
- Something to eat? [laughs]
- Sure. [laughs]
[both] Cheers.
- Are these Anand Snacks?
- Mmm.
Was Mangesh's shut?
[coughs]
What?
What are you doing?
Hey, what are… [stammers]
Hey, what's wrong?
Varsha?
- Good job.
- Thank you, sir.
- [engine starts]
- [grunts]
[both chuckle]
[Shubhkela] Wow, hats off, Mr Tyagi.
Ghosh sir's brought down some bigwigs.
Now you've done the same to him.
Luck is truly on your side.
Who needs luck on one's side, Mr Kela?
I have God's hand… on my head.
May he guide all of us.
[both laughing]
[Shubhkela]
I need some luck on my side too.
[laughing continues]